https://codepen.io/huisinga24/pen/Powoyxa

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	HTML markup used to give text meaning. Primarily for screen readers and other algorithms. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	It's used to create web pages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	An attribute is given to a html tag to modify its behavior.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	It's a heading given to the most important text on the page, generally the title. Historically it was also the largest text on the page, although that is no longer necessarily true.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	a and img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	Metadata.
    7. What is an id?
	 An attribute that defines a unique id for an element. Can only be used once per page.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	Most. The only restriction is once per page. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	One!
    10. What is a class? 
	An attribute that specifies equal styles for elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Most.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	Unlimited.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	Add the 'target="_blank"' attribute.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	It provides alternate information on an img tag in case the image cannot be viewed. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
	In CSS, "#'id-name' {}.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	Section is semantic. It specifies that the enclosed section provides meaning. Divs are generally used to section off content for CSS. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	To style web pages.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	In CSS, 'h2 {}'.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	Classes can be used as many times as you want, and multiple classes can be applied to an individual element. An id can be used once, and also has a stronger specificity value. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.'class-name' {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p.'class-name' {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	If there is a class on an element inside of an element with a different class, the outside class would be the parent, and the inside element the child. It's useful to get more specific with classes.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div.sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	It is a selector used to set an element into a special state (ie: hover, focus).
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height: 'x';
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing: 'x';
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: 'uppercase/lowercase/capitalize';
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div { border: 1px dotted black; }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	* {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* 'comment here' */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm 'file-name'. There are no safeguards, so you must be careful, as it's a permanent deletion. No going back. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	In groups, it lets users know what others are working on. Alone, it enables users to have documentation of what they've done, and revert back to previous versions if necessary. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	As often as reasonably possible. 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Fork, add TL as a collaborator, copy the clone. Inside Terminal, git clone 'clone-link', cd into 'clone-repo-directory', git checkout -b 'first-last' (to create branch). Do assignment. Then git add . and git commit -m "message-here", and lastly git push -u origin 'branch-name'. 
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	An in-line element doesn't move to a new line (like a span, for example). A block element starts on a new line, and generally contains large blocks of content.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	It won't move relative to the screen resolution/dimension, and won't change size to fit the window. 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	Assign the CSS element a 'width: X%' as opposed to a static number, as in 'width: Xpx;'. 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	Block: p, h1, div. Inline: span, a, em.
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
	The box model partitions a web element into a box based on the margin/border/padding/content positioning. It generally works well enough, but the flexbox is more versatile, and used more now. 